When would you want to create a remote repository rather than keeping 
all your work local?

A remote repository allows you to share your repository with others and 
also to access it from other computers yourself. Also, it is a way to 
back up your work.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having 
Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You may not want to have all of your changes be released publicly. It is 
better if you have control over what gets pushed when you are ready.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would 
you use one instead of another?

Forks are a copy of someone else's GitHub branch that you make directly 
on GitHub's servers. Changes you make to the forked branch do not affect 
the original.

Clones are exact copies of repositories. They can exist on GitHub, 
different computers, or there could be multiple clones on one computer.

Branches happen on a single repository. A branch is a friendly name for 
a commit. If a new commit is added on that branch, the branch tip moves 
to include the new commit. If you make a new commit in the middle of a 
branch, but do not give it a branch name, that commit will still exist, 
but you would need to know its commit ID in order to find it and work 
with it.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the 
remote stored locally?

Then you could use git log and git diff to see what changes were 
introduced, both on the local and remote repositories. This can be 
useful if you want to work online, but use the latest changes to the 
remote.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be 
easier, and what would be harder?

You could have files saved on a file server, Google Drive, or Dropbox. 
It would be more dificult to find out what specifically changed in each 
file, revert small changes, and deploy code. Those may be easier because 
they would backup versions automatically.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than 
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

A separate branch would be useful if you want to have others check out 
and comment and suggest changes before you commit the changes to the 
master branch. Using the main branch would be simpler, but a separate 
branch allows you to carefully implement changes while collaborating.


